hey everybody fgt 4619 coming you with
another yugioh update today i'll be
reviewing yugioh 5ds touratech 2009 it
shall be released in japan on march 14
2009 that means will be either beginning
it a month later or around the same day
the first is gonna include a couple of
group of warm new monsters are new
synchro one new trap and one you spell
so far first card in my review Road
Synchron it is a machine to nur light
months a light attribute 1,600 attack
800 defense this card is used as a
synchro material monster for anything
other than road warrior its levels
decreased by 200 may bite 200 by two at
the end of the damage step when this car
has battle damage to your opponent its
levels increased by one until the end
phase so this car is a good card to use
when you're using like urgent tuning or
any of those quick turbo synchro cards
when you use an interim battle now it's
time for a synchro monster road warrior
it is a light attribute warrior synchro
level 8 root 3000 attack a 1500 defense
its requirements of course one Road
stink brawn and two or more non-tuner
monsters once per turn to get special
summon one level 2 or lower warrior
machine-type monster from your from your
deck does that mean to be run like a
junk Synchron or any other level 2
warrior or machine class monster you can
bring them out and easily synchro again
next one it's called gut messes urgent
orders activate only when there's a
face-up Xavier monster on the side of
the field I'll get the X Sabres in a
moment select up to 2x saber monsters at
air pears graveyard and stuff selling
them to your side of the field I'll get
to the X savers this is a one normal one
is a normal trap card next car will
power of the weak ones and at the
continuous spell when there are no cards
in your hand and level 2 or lower
monster you control destroys an
opponent's monster by battle and sends
it to the graveyard draw two cards next
card get the X sabers baby and this is a
normal warrior class 800 attack 1100
offense level for name x-saber and apple
era next one x saber air belum
beast-type tuner earth attribute level 3
1600 attack 200 offense when this corner
flicks battle damage to your opponent
via their the target your opponent
randomly discard one card from their
hands next card is x saber Galahad it is
a earth attribute warrior class level 4
800 attack 800 defense at this card
attacks an opponent's monster this card
gains 300 attack during the damage step
only if this card is attacked by an
opponent's monster this car loses 500
attack during data step only when this
card is selected as an attack target you
can shoot with one other saber monster
except cyber slasher to negate the
attack which means if you have another X
saber on the field while disguise being
under attack you can tribute that X
saber to stop to prevent him from being
destroyed or from the Gimme attack now
that is my review I'm asked for the
sneak preview for crimson crisis I will
be posting the californian locations for
the sneak preview of chrism crisis on my
video description on this side I believe
I'll be also posting the website link
for those that do not live in the
California area you can still look up
your locations according to the site or
update a daily now if you want more
events if you want more card info event
info or whatever you do please subscribe
to my friends this pair of 100 waffles
and jtd underdog i'll have their links
over here now that's it for me this fgd
4619 signing off